Improve rewrites documentation (#34725)
vercel/next.js: docs/api-reference/next.config.js/rewrites.md

    <li><a href="https://github.com/vercel/next.js/tree/canary/examples/with-zones">Using Multiple Zones</a></li>
  </ul>
</details>

Rewrites allow you to rewrite to an external url. This is especially useful for incrementally adopting Next.js. The following is an example rewrite for redirecting the `/blog` route of your main app to an external site.

```js
module.exports = {
  async rewrites() {
    return [
      {
        source: '/blog',
        destination: 'https://example.com/blog',
      },
      {
        source: '/blog/:slug',
        destination: 'https://example.com/blog/:slug', // Matched parameters can be used in the destination
      },
    ]
  },
}
```

If you're using `trailingSlash: true`, you also need to insert a trailing slash in the redirects.

```js
module.exports = {
  trailingSlash: 'true',
  async rewrites() {
    return [
      {
        source: '/blog/',
        destination: 'https://example.com/blog/',
      },
      {
        source: '/blog/:path*',
        destination: 'https://example.com/blog/:path*',
      },
    ]
  },
}
```

```js

> module.exports = {

Reviewer: Should this be removed?

Author: Yes! Good catch, thank you.

Reviewer: Lmk when ready for review!

Author: Will do! I'm going to wait until the `trailingSlash` bug is fixed since what I added doesn't completely work right now.

Author: We resolved the issue! PR is now ready for review.

}
```

> If you're using `trailingSlash: true`, you also need to insert a trailing slash in the `source` and `destination` paramaters.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you're using `trailingSlash: true`, you also need to insert a trailing slash in the `source` paramater. If the destination server is also expecting a trailing slash it should be included in the `destination` parameter as well.
```

```js
module.exports = {
  trailingSlash: 'true',
  async rewrites() {
    return [
      {
        source: '/blog/',
        destination: 'https://example.com/blog/',
      },
      {

>         source: '/blog/:path(.+)',

Reviewer 3: This seems like a bug, wdyt @ijjk 🤔 
```suggestion
        source: '/blog/:path(.+)',
```

Author: For context, I discovered that `:path*` doesn't catch trailing slashes so Davis came up with a wildcard expression that does.

Reviewer 2: We should be handling the trailing slash here https://github.com/vercel/next.js/blob/1a0d149c9ff6afa061b902c32b51aa848141cefd/packages/next/lib/load-custom-routes.ts#L72-L73 can you provide a reproduction where this isn't working?

Author: @ijjk yep! Here's a reproduction. Click on the "not working" demo link below, navigate to a specific blog post, then reload the page. It will redirect infinitely.

- [Not working demo of main repo with `:path*`](https://redirect-demo-git-not-working-nutlope.vercel.app/blog/)
- [Working demo of main repo with `:path(.+)`](https://redirect-demo.vercel.app/blog/)

If you want to take a look at the code, here are the full repos. They both have `trailingSlash: true`:

- [not working main repo](https://github.com/Nutlope/redirect-demo/tree/not-working) 
- [working main repo](https://github.com/Nutlope/redirect-demo)
- [blog repo](https://github.com/Nutlope/starter-blog-example)

Reviewer 2: Oh it looks like the `destination` for [this rewrite](https://github.com/Nutlope/redirect-demo/blob/b018414bbbc9cc5cb3c28ee5b0670327759f6a2f/next.config.js#L53) needs to end with a trailingSlash to match the other deployments expectation e.g. does changing it to the below resolve this?

```
destination: `${BLOG_URL}/blog/:path*/`
```

Reviewer 2: I think documenting that the `destination` for a rewrite needs to honor the external destination's trailingSlash config makes sense

Author: Good catch, it works when you include a trailing slash for both the source and destination like this. I'll update the PR to reflect this instead of the `:path(.+)` wildcard

```js
{
  source: "/blog/:path*/",
  destination: `${BLOG_URL}/blog/:path*/`,
},
```
